Hey beautiful,

So, what is prayer? Your every thought, word, action, memory, and imagining is prayer. How you live your life is a prayer. Are you stressed? That's a prayer. Are you playful? That's a prayer. 

This is why awareness—being conscious of your mind, which is still Consciousness, just conditioned—is everything. This way, you can detangle yourself from the unconscious conditioning and live a more spontaneous and authentic life.

Waiting is also another prayer. Do you want to wait on light? Do you want to wait on power? Do you want to wait on Perfection? If so, you can, because all of this is like a hologram. All of this is light, it's energy coagulating into what you are believing, what you are conceiving of yourself.

Slow down. Honor your avatar. Honor this breath because it is sacred. It is the source. It's just that the source seems to be conditioned; the spontaneity seems to be conditioned. That's why we reverse engineer. We step back, we empty, empty, empty, empty, empty. Go back into the void, go back into the theater, go back into what's already here in perfect clarity.

From there, life is literally like an Etch A Sketch. Start over and start over and start over. Start the fuck over! You don't have to wait until tomorrow. This is the beauty of the clarity of awareness—it's an eraser, like it never happened.

But when you're conscious, your prayer is rooted in beauty, in love and empowerment, compassion, playfulness. That's why it all starts with you and your relationship to yourself. Do you love yourself? Do you appreciate you? Do you empower yourself? Because, honey, right now you're praying.

We're conscious of our prayers because we will see our prayer in this beautiful reflection here. This is your body, this is your breath, this is your consciousness. This is where we naturally get inspired to take care of our Inner Space because the inner is the outer of it. But it all starts with you, my love. This isn't about anyone else; this is about you and you.

So, go run to the nearest mirror, make eye contact with yourself, smile, and give yourself a bow. Because what you are looking at is the source taking shape as this character. Accept it and love yourself. Love this character, love this body, because if not, it will reject you. It will reject you. Have you not noticed yet? Because this is the Temple of the Living Word, this is the Temple of the Living God.

Be the knowing. Be the prayer. And watch your world shift.

I love you. Take care and be aware.