Sound Money and Your Personal Budget
There are two main economic philosophies today; Keynesian and Austrian. 
The Keynesian approach endorses short-term Income injections or easy borrowing when you face an emergency expense or recession in your personal finances. It says that money decays in value naturally like an apple and the best way to get the value from money then is to use it, rather than let it decay in value. This decay is called inflation in economics. 
According to Austrian economic principles, you want your money to hold its value well over time. This allows you to save for bigger purchases and plan responsibly for the future. A stable currency or "store of value" is key. It focuses on saving more than you spend and having as safe a store of value as you can for what you have.
Historically, commodities like gold prevented inflation because their supply could not be artificially increased at will. 
Today many government run from a Keynesian model. When they run out of money, they print more money. The effect of this is that all currency loses a little value; inflation.
The US dollar used to be backed by gold. That is, if you held a paper dollar, you knew there was gold in a bank somewhere that could be exchanged for that dollar.
At an important historical economic meeting, called Breton Woods, it was decided to change the system and not have the dollar backed by gold any more.
Oil and gas must be purchased with dollars. This is in part because ships that send oil to where it needs to go need to be insured and the insurers only take dollars.
China owns a huge amount of American debt.
These are factors that keep the value of the dollar high, even though the government is badly in debt. When they want to spend more, they print more money!

Austrian economics argues that cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and items like gold are better stores of value because there is a limited amount and its harder and harder to get as time goes by which counters inflation.
A washer and dryer, stocks and bonds, a car or a bag of apples can all be looked at as stores of value.
Do you think the Austrian or Keynesian econonomic model sounds better?
What are some stores of value you can think of and what are their advantages or disadvantages?