Here is a vocabulary list with definitions for some words from the story, as well as a TEFL activity based on the reading:

Vocabulary:

1. Permaculture - a system of agricultural and social design principles centered around mimicking the patterns and features observed in natural ecosystems
2. Terraced - formed with successive level placements, like steps, on a sloping surface
3. Melliferous - producing or yielding honey
4. Indulge - to allow oneself to have the pleasure of something
5. Fervently - in an intense and passionate manner
6. Celestial - relating to the heavenly realms or spiritual things
7. Revere - to regard with deep respect and admiration
8. Nurturing - providing with nourishment, training or education
9. Resonant - echoing or suggesting particular qualities
10. Tendered - to provide service or care
11. Embody - to represent or be an expression of something
12. Steward - to act as a guardian or caretaker
13. Harmonious - marked by agreement and peaceful coexistence
14. Coaxed - to gently persuade or guide someone
15. Encapsulated - enclosed or contained

TEFL Activity:

Comprehension Questions:
1. What type of farming did José practice? 
2. Why were the beehives so important in José's ecosystem?
3. What did José do in the spring to facilitate bee colony growth?
4. How did José show reverence to Vere-Lilin during beekeeping?
5. What happened in autumn that excited José?
6. How did José prepare the hives for winter?
7. How did José give back to his environment?
8. What lessons did Maria teach Lucia about bees on Sundays?
9. What was the sacred essence Maria embodied through beekeeping?
10. How did José view his role in relation to the bees?

Writing Prompt:
Imagine you are Lucia. Write a journal entry describing your Sunday morning beekeeping lessons with your mother Maria. What did you learn about the bees' importance? How did it make you feel connected to nature and your culture? What was most inspiring about your mother's wisdom?

Vocabulary Activity:
Match the vocabulary words to their definitions by drawing a line. Then use 5 of the words in sentences related to beekeeping, permaculture or nature appreciation.

Discussion:
In small groups, discuss the similarities and differences between José's permaculture practices/relationship to bees versus conventional industrial agriculture/beekeeping. What environmental and cultural values are represented?